Create your habits before they create you.
Quit but never surrender.
Never take credit for work done.
Always give credit to where it is due.
Keep your word.
Easy choices, hard live - hard choices, easy live.
The three killers of happiness - sarcasm, complaining and blaming.
Be hungry, humble and smart.
It is not about what you know, it is about who you know.
Learning always comes through mistakes.
Smooth never happens by accident.
Luck is where preparation meets opportunity.
Important is seldom urgent and urgent is seldom important.
Practice makes permanent.
Compounding Habit : Keep a journal. It could change your life.
Compounding Habit : Naps can dramatically increase learning, memory, awareness, creativity, and productivity.
Compounding Habit : Only 15 minutes of walking per day can work wonders.
Compounding Habit : Reading is one of the most beneficial activities we can invest in.
Compounding Habit : Conversation partners lead to surprising breakthroughs
The burnout is real.
Good ideas come from many ideas.
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team : Absence of trust — unwilling to be vulnerable within the group.
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team : Fear of conflict — seeking artificial harmony over constructive passionate debate.
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team : Lack of commitment — feigning buy-in for group decisions creates ambiguity throughout the organization.
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team : Avoidance of accountability — ducking the responsibility to call peers on counterproductive behavior which sets low standards.
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team : Inattention to results — focusing on personal success, status and ego before team success.
Teaching is the best way of learning.
Culture eats strategy for breakfast.
Write tests until you are not scared.
What you do is what you say. What you say is what you think. What you think is how you feel. And understanding how you feel is who you are.
Question the questions you are asking.
The most important decision we make is whether we believe we live in a friendly or hostile universe.
“There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man,” Hemingway once said. “True nobility is being superior to your former self.”
Fear is excitement without breath. Breathe!
Motivation comes only after you sit your butt down and start doing the work you’re supposed to do.
Strive for transferable skills, meaningful experience, enduring relationships.
The real world doesn’t reward perfectionists. It rewards people who get things done. 
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.
When you point a finger there are three fingers pointed at you.
You can do anything you want but you can not do everything you want. 
Learn to articulate reality without blame or judgement.
Discipline >>>> motivation and tallent!
In order to do something you've never done you have to become someone you've never been.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit - Seven habits of highly effective people
"Sow a thought, reap an action; sow an action, reap a habit; sow a habit, reap a character; sow a character, reap a destiny," - Seven habits of highly effective people
What am I at my best? 
When writing a feedback make a list with everything that you ever wanted to say. Than go over each one and evaluate: Is it a oppinion or is it a fact? Use only the facts.
Wisdom is knowing what to overlook.
Between stimulus and response is our greatest power --the freedom to choose.
When you enter a room the anxiety should decrease, not increase.
Great questions are futile without great listening.
